>> Evan: So
we talked enough about render functions.
Time to get our hands dirty and
do some exercises.
So 3.1 says implement
the example component which
given the following usage, so
obviously it takes a tags prompt.
And the tags prompt takes an array.
An array of h1, h2, h3.
Array of strings, tag names, right?
And then this component,
when it's rendered,
it should produce the following markup.
It should just render these tags and
inside each tag it
should be the index of that element and
the array.
So imagine how to do this in templates,
right?
How would you do this in templates?
>> Evan: Right?
So by default we don't really have
a construct that allows you to,
say, dynamically render this tag
here using this data source, right?
So in Vue we have this
construct called component is.
This is the closest thing to it.
Because component is just an abstract
placeholder, what it really renders
is determined by this is.
So if you do component is="h1"
this works as well, right?
But the original intention of this API
is really it's just to allow you to
dynamically switch between
components instead of
rendering real tags.
>> Evan: And you are only
able to do this with templates because
we've provided this API to you, right?
So the important thing to note here is, if
we didn't provide this API, then there's
no way for you to achieve what you're
trying to do here with just templates.
So we come to an interesting disadvantage
of the template, is that we have
to come up with a lot of these syntax
APIs, in order to solve some use cases.
But when you run into a case that
it's not supported by the template,
the only thing you can do is really go and
open the feature request on GitHub and
wait for us to implement it.
Which is not optimal if
your manager is waiting for
the app to ship in the next week or
something, right?
But with render functions,
we can just solve that with JavaScript.
So the exercise really is
implement this example component with
render functions that achieve this goal.
And you can look up the render
function usage in the docs or
from the slides, and
let's work on this for ten minutes.